Move RFC9921 to normative references and clarify timestamp mechanisms (#169)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-scrapi: draft-ietf-scitt-scrapi.md

There could be issues at the payload level (for instance, the statement "it is raining" may be true when first submitted but not when replayed), but being payload-agnostic implementations of SCITT services cannot be required to worry about that.

If the semantic content of the payload are time-dependent and susceptible to replay attacks in this way then timestamps MUST be added to the protected header signed by the Issuer.
The `iat` claim in a `CWT_Claims` header parameter ({{RFC9597}}) MAY be used when the Issuer provides the timestamp directly.

> Where a timestamp from a third party is required, the COSE header parameters defined in {{RFC9921}} for including {{RFC3161}} timestamp tokens MAY be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `iat` claim in a `CWT_Claims` header parameter ({{RFC9597}}) MUST be used when the Issuer provides the timestamp directly.
Where a timestamp from a third party is required, the COSE header parameters defined in {{RFC9921}} for including {{RFC3161}} timestamp tokens MUST be used.
```

There could be issues at the payload level (for instance, the statement "it is raining" may be true when first submitted but not when replayed), but being payload-agnostic implementations of SCITT services cannot be required to worry about that.

If the semantic content of the payload are time-dependent and susceptible to replay attacks in this way then timestamps MUST be added to the protected header signed by the Issuer.
The `iat` claim in a `CWT_Claims` header parameter ({{RFC9597}}) MUST be used when the Issuer provides the timestamp themselves.

> The COSE header parameters defined in {{RFC9921}} for including {{RFC3161}} timestamp tokens SHOULD be used, where a timestamp from a third party is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The COSE header parameters defined in {{RFC9921}} for including {{RFC3161}} timestamp tokens or a similar mechanic, for example an Epoch Marker {{-EPOCH-MARKERS}} Claim in the 'CWT_Claims' header parameter, SHOULD be used, where a timestamp from a third party is required.
```
